All over India (National)



Irshad Ahmed - Director
samsul - Secretary
head office-

Student Welfare, Helping Homeless, Women Empowerment

motive - minority, helpless women, dalit, backward class, disabled, 
tribes, orphan, economical unstable student, moral progress, 

  
Arrangement should be made by the organization 
for training of educated unemployed youth - typewriters, stenography, computer electronics, electrical etc.

To make self-reliant educated unemployed youths
 of the organization - to run various technical and non-technical 
educational institutions so that they can connect with the mainstream of society.

To conduct various business related courses related to computer, 
hardware, software, internet etc. by the organization


To provide information about sewing, embroidery, knitting, cashing, painting, doll making and other professional training beauty and toilet etc. 
by the organization to make women employment oriented.  

The organization will help in the intellectual development of the people by conducting various programs for the promotion of education and residential schools, colleges,
 adult education, all education, library, reading room, reading room, hostel adult education, informal education.  Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Shamsulitole 
Scanned by CamScanner 3 To run Tribal School, Muk and Deaf Disabled School and help the poor helpless, handicapped, minority students and girl students to move forward by giving 
all possible financial assistance.


For the welfare of women workers, child laborers and other workers by the institution. To arrange education and rehabilitation for them.  

To conduct necessary programs to connect the disabled to the mainstream of society. 



Small Scale Industries, Cottage Industries, Home Industries, Khadi Village Industries, Animal Husbandry, Fisheries, Poultry Farming for the economic development of women and 
men without help.  Training in goat rearing, bee keeping, silkworm rearing, fruit and food processing and help in making self-reliant.  


 For the development of agriculture and horticulture, farmers have modern tools, advanced seeds, improved manure, suitable means of irrigation, vermicompost, narsari, 
mushroom cultivation, watering.  Providing watershed, etc.  Crop insurance, information and promotion of animal insurance to benefit people.



Educated unemployed youth by the organization - to make available the necessary resources for the production of medicinal plants and cash plants to young women, farmers.  



Organization for the all round development of women and children, to run Mahila Mandal, Women Empowerment, Balbari, Self Help Group, Palnagriha, Nutritious Diet Center.  




Providing health care by the institution to protect the health of poor people of all sections of the society.  
To conduct family welfare camps, vaccination camps, health camps etc. incurable diseases,  Providing necessary information to prevent AIDS, cancer, TB, Kalajar hepatitis etc. 
and cried to the affected people, providing instant treatment and promoting various types of medical practices to protect the health of the people by the institution.  


To conduct tree plantation and other programs to make the environment pollution-free. To promote solar energy, common energy. 
To conduct cleanliness campaign in rural and outdoor areas. Promotion of drinking water, toilets, traffic rules to the people -




